Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Target incoming.
Ready
credit cargo for transport.
Knock. knock.
And. now!
We have a breach!
Report of alarms activated!
Banking District.
Unit 10! With me.
What's that noise?
Police.
Pull up!
Unit 10 down! Suspects on the move.
Boo-yah!
- We lost them.
- Run a scan on the surrounding districts.
Picking up reports of an
unidentified shuttle seen in Sector 8-J.
All available units.
converge on those coordinates.
Let's go! Let's go!
Get the credits on the ship.
It's over!
Drop your weapons!
I said drop 'em!
Ah. I guess
we should do as he says.
Fire. fire!
Watch it. watch it.
Something's happened.
That is not our concern.
You're hungry. you need to eat.
They won't miss it.
I told you already.
We do not steal.
I'm tired of begging.
We could always rely
on the kindness of strangers.
Uh. pardon. would you be so kind?
E Chu ta
Halt. citizen!
Our apologies. Officer.
She made a simple mistake.
You are charged with theft
and will be placed under arrest.
What?
We cannot afford to cause a disturbance.
Do not resist.
Be patient.
They will surely see to reason.
and you'll soon be released.
Surrender and comply.
I want a full scan of the route.
- Holo footage?
- Cams and sensors were destroyed.
What you got. Two-Boots?
It's tragic. Captain Lawson.
They were simply doing
what they'd been programmed for.
And according to security logs.
the bank supervisor droid is missing.
I don't get it.
Nico Deemis owns this bank.
Who would be crazy enough to rob from him?
Deemis is involved
in several criminal enterprises
and has many enemies among the syndicates.
I would suspect his main rival.
Looti Vario.
No. Vario knows this will be
an open declaration of war.
That's bad for business.
They left a lot of credits behind
but took the supervisor droid.
That doesn't make any sense.
And that little surprise...
positioned perfectly.
I'm not sure this was
any of the local syndicates.
Not their style.
Too risky?
Too clean.
Deemis won't take this lightly.
They rob me.
shoot up my guards.
and take my bank droid!
Who's got answers?
Mr. Deemis. it's gotta be Vario.
He's always trying to stick it to us.
Set a meet.
I wanna question him face-to-face.
But what if it's some kind of trap?
Make it on neutral territory.
If he was behind it. we'll deal with him.
Somebody's going to pay.
Deemis so mad.
Booshkeedoo!
You've had another vision?
The one I seek is here.
An apprentice?
I see them clearer
the closer I get.
I have an update on the syndicates.
Unfortunately. they appear
to be honoring their truce.
Hmm.
Deemis is showing unusual restraint.
Perhaps he needs a bit more motivation?
Forgive me. My Lord.
But why are we focused on
low-level targets such as these gangsters?
As the Empire has risen.
we have all been made to suffer.
Even the once-mighty Jedi have fallen.
But there are many who have prospered
from my misfortune.
The Pykes. Crimson Dawn. Vario.
Soon. they will all pay.
Beginning with Deemis.
He thought he could take what was mine.
He was mistaken.
Should I ready a team?
We can eliminate him with ease.
Not yet.
I prefer to keep my presence a shadow.
For now.
Bring me the bank droid.
Who are you?
Where have you brought me?
Head Boss Deemis
will hear about this barbarity.
Oh. I am counting on it.
You are to assist me in my grand plan.
Deemis will make you pay!
I'm afraid your calculations
are incorrect.
Now.
you will deliver a message to Deemis.
We require your name
and identification.
What difference does it make?
You must comply.
Hey. What's her story?
This one is not cooperating.
She's just a kid.
Okay. bring it to my desk.
We're analyzing all of the data.
We'll get them.
Attempted robbery.
failure to cooperate. and no ID.
What's your name. kid?
She will not comply.
Is that your son?
Produce some identification
or spend a night in a cell.
Come on. kid. Give me something.
I already got enough going on right now.
Captain Lawson.
I found something.
All right. Get her processed.
Captain. you need to see this.
This was recovered from the memory banks
of the police droid with Officer Pak.
Laser sword?
Haven't seen one of those
since the Clone Wars.
Run a recognition scan.
Imperial?
File is classified by the ISB.
We're instructed to report any sightings
of the suspect immediately.
Hold off on that.
The instructions are very clear.
Two-Boots. keep this quiet for now.
We don't need the Empire butting in
and making things complicated.
- He's arriving now.
- Keep a close watch on him.
Vario.
Deemis. You're looking grandiose as ever.
At least I fill the suit.
- Been a while since we had a meet. huh?
- No reason until now.
We agreed on neutral territory.
but couldn't you pick a nicer place?
Looks like a Wookiee bathhouse.
Well. chobasa.
Choba.
Heard about the bank.
Pity.
Any idea who pulled that one?
I was hoping you could tell me.
Well. you got a lot of enemies.
It could've been anyone.
None of them have the nerve
to pull something like this.
Well. one person. maybe.
He's long gone.
Besides. why would he come after me?
You betrayed him.
Then he'd be after you. too.
Maybe he is.
Or maybe that's what you want me to think.
Oh. why would I want to
start a war with you. Deemis?
I got too much to risk.
Make me look weak.
Try to take over my territory.
Trust me. that is not
how I would go about it.
Oh. yeah?
Well. how would you go about it?
- I will not--
- Oh!
- Deemis will make you--
- What?
- It was you!
- No. no. no. no.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Don't do anything crazy.
- We have a truce. Deemis.
- Deemis... Deemis...
Deemis... Deemis...
Deemis will make you pay...
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Peekaboo!
Vario's getting away. Cover me.
How's that caf. partner?
Captain.
you know I can't drink it.
I just share this moment with you.
There's a situation at the port!
Huh?
- Hey. Deemis.
- Hmm?
Never shoot a guy in the back.
Unexpected.
Vario has outplayed Deemis.
Finish it.
Uh...
Oh. come on. Go. go. go.
Captain. scanners have
detected two vehicles leaving the area.
...headed northbound.
and Z-59 for backup.
Wait. I know you.
You work for him.
Stop right there!
Surrender!
Hmm.
Lawson! I never thought
I'd be glad to see you.
Yeah. first time for everything. Vario.
Vario is in custody.
and the local authorities
will no doubt alert the Empire.
Vario will not escape me.
Not even in a cell.
Make the preparations.
My Lord. an attack
on the police headquarters
will not be without risk of exposure.
Vario's betrayal demands consequence.
And something else.
Our actions serve a greater purpose.
Events are falling into place.
You killed Deemis.
I could put you away for a long time.
It was self-defense.
I was set up.
By who?
How's the security in here?
You got enough guards to protect me?
What are you worried about. Vario?
Ever heard of the Shadow Collective?
No. Should I have?
What are you lookin' at. kid?
Oh. uh...
Yeah. this isn't my style. Lawson.
You got anything bigger?
It is quite adequate
for your needs.
Um. what is that supposed to mean?
The assassins. they were Zabrak.
but not the same markings as the suspect
from the droid's memory holo.
I will scan all data.
but perhaps it's time
to request support from the Empire?
No. Not yet.
That is contrary to protocol.
However. I will follow your order.
Keep Vario on the watch
and the station on alert.
Night vision units
reporting petty theft arrest
inside the Entertainment District...
Suspect en route to precinct
for processing.
No. no. Nothing to see.
This is Unit 413.
we got a sensor malfunction.
Less than point two rotations--
Unit 413. do you copy?
What's the situation?
Level 8 appears to have
numerous technical malfunctions.
All units on Level 8 report.
...reporting.
We're getting
a lot of interference.
Systems are not cooperating.
Find out what's going on down there.
- All right. stand by.
- ...we're on it.
Something is overriding our system.
We appear to be
losing control of the station.
Troopers. full alert.
Two-Boots. with me.
We need to protect Vario.
Lock down this cell block!
Let me out!
♪ La. la la. la la ♪
I see you.
Nope. Bye-bye!
Two-Boots. get the system back online
and get these doors open.
Oh. you want to play? We play.
Uh-uh-uh!
Stop it. stop it.
What?
System's back online.
but there's heavy damage.
- Comms are still down.
- We need backup.
Move. move. move!
Taking fire!
Move in. move in!
Shields!
- Watch it.
- Go. go. go.
Please.
You don't understand.
I-I-I-I did what I had to do.
You had to abandon your oath to me?
Or was it greed and fear
that withdrew your ships and weapons
when I needed them most?
I-I can repay you.
Ships. weapons. the credits.
secret safehouses
the Empire would never find.
I can take all of those from you already.
What about the Pykes. huh?
If you're after me.
you gotta be after them.
You know. I know how to get to Krim.
Take him alive.
For now.
Maul...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm